the idea was to take these big gray
structures that we had on site that are
absolutely essential to our process we
fill them with corn wheat rye and make
them make them pretty I was looking for
some graffiti artists on Facebook
actually they just were a natural
selection for us part of it was giving
them the creative freedom to do what
they wanted to do and not be just a
billboard for Hudson whiskey and the
guys been working really hard over the
past couple days so we're really
thrilled with the turnout so far my name
is Ryan Cronin I'm from New Paltz New
York right around the corner I do a lot
of stencil work so I have these bird
paintings that I've worked out and I
just started to fit the rustic charm and
the pastoral setting of the distillery
here yeah my name is Fumero and I'm out
in New York the kind of odd i do is
behind me it's called Fumero ism I found
now working on a silo to be very
challenging because I'm used to working
on a flat surface whether it's a canvas
or a wall you know I enjoy the
cylindrical shape while use a black
outline very colorful ornate very
decorative and that's from my graffiti
influence back as a kid my name is
Joseph Malloy I'm from New York City and
I do a style of art I call vandal
Expressionism been doing mostly roller
gates in lower east side I did the
outside and inside a place called
Arlene's Grocery for doing pizza shops
coffee shops and now silos when I was
choosing the colors for this I was
originally alluding to corn barley and
apples I envision it as you know the
silo filled up with this this energy
these grains these different elements
coming together sometimes when I draw i
feel like i'm building a wall this time
i felt like i was filling a silo
you